Not even 500,000
Then I'll leave.
Don't.
I am a gold digger
Really cheap
500,000 can buy your dignity
Cashback successful
This is really good money.
Is it Raymond Lam?
What's up?
Didn't you say you wanted to have dinner with me this morning?
Sent you the address.
See you there.
From the first time we met in the morning
You bought me bags and gifts.
You're not just trying to piss off your ex-girlfriend, are you?
You can't say that either.
But you did help me vent.
I want to say that I am using you to make money, do you believe me?
I know you are my number one
Brother, your guess is right.
According to the rules of your live broadcast room
Should you commit yourself to me?
I'm not someone who can just give myself to you so easily.
But there were a few moments today.
Makes me feel in love
A female sea king
Looks like you need to cast a heavy line to catch this big fish.
I feel you are special too.
Oh, how special?
I always feel that someone in the world should be nicer to you.
You mean you're the one who treats me well?
Are you saying I'm a dog licker?
Maybe, but I'm more curious about
If I really become that person
What will happen to you?
It depends on whether you have the ability.
None of these 10 million have been successful.
This is too difficult.
What happened
My dad is trapped at home by debt collectors.
Ah, the opportunity has come.